alright i'm assembling the motherboard
trim panel just want to show you what we
got here we've got the SMD LED side
emitting LED strips here how to code it
come on I'm trim panel that i fabricated
and the sixteenth inch red plastic that
goes right on it and this is the
transfer adhesive which I will peel that
off a little nonstick strips and then
flip it stick it precisely and I'll
stick down the little lights and then
that goes in there sorry about how dark
it is the lens storm where Ivan right
now just knocked the power out but
here's the piece stuck to the panel ok
the next step for me is to peel all this
paper backing off and then carefully
apply the wiring I don't think the
camera can do that justice this is
something about that deep blood red /
black just looks so amazing buddy and
it's some sexy looking stuff and you'll
never see it okay so there's that panel
installed there nice fit everything is
everything now we're going to move on to
this one there is the lights in it taped
over so the light doesn't seep out okay
so first two panels of the trim system
have been installed they look perfect so
I want to show you kind of work we're
talking about here there's a little
flange here that steps out about an
eighth of an inch I made my panel so
leaky right into that flange which it
does
and then so that it would follow pci
backplane perfectly touching it can't
get any tighter and i made it so that it
would have absolutely no gap and fit
this panel perfectly ok you see all
these little details these little holes
it have to line up little pump holder
travel install down there ok which is
hidden just holds the pump like this
it's kind of work we're talking about on
this build stuff that people have never
done before that you never seen before
magnetic catches this is all edge-lit
whole thing is edge lit all these holes
are excellent skokie definitely an epic
build for seeding okay so here's another
trim panel installed again all magnetic
edge lit all those holes are lit all the
edges are lit and it's all held with
magnets I want to show you the
Clarence's we're talking about look at
that that's the it's the bar and
sixteenth of an answer won't touch it
the whole thing comes out you can see
it's just magnetically held a little
touch lunches you know i'll usually Pat
myself on the back but I've seen a lot
of builds I I always follow all the top
builders and just don't see people doing
work like that very often once in a
while from Europe or something so I'll
do something truly amazing but they
usually have access to incredible
machines to build their stuff with
usually water jets and all kinds of good
stuff this is all done basically with
hand power tools be pleased and here's
another piece installed this trim piece
also magnetically captive this edge is
lit little dots you see there are
drilled holes in the aluminum that allow
a little SMD strip the little modules of
LEDs to get out throw those little holes
they're specially shaped in the back to
fit them so they have a round front and
a kind of a cone-shaped back so let's
sit right in there that lights up the
reservoir which is right in line the
pump it's of course a fan is going to go
here a nice-lookin fan show that off and
that's basically all the main trim
panels except for the Gemini logo panel
which is going to go here okay if I've
had it I'm ready to call it a night so
here's where we stand waiting on some
little testers brushes and paint so it
can paint some screws put the shroud
gether mount that this is done this is
the e el panel for the the gym and I
logo just remember here okay i remade
the red my cat scrambling around on the
roof my cat is going crazy on the roof
so yeah here's the new panel ivory made
this out of the red shine shop plastic I
had enough to make another spare panel
and because I needed to add a little
joke there which was missing ok there's
the window which is filthy looking and
I'm going to clean that and the box
there has all the cables i made look at
that having that in a wild one so
there's all the red white and black
cable this is the water blocks all the
water block our fellow power supply
parts this is my little talks of
connectors and stuff and some you guys
can see this for the first time these
are awesome these are little combs that
made by footballs in over on overclocked
on that and you made one that was the
lit it's got an LED in it is very nice
of them here's a plain one and even sent
me along some little rods to mountain
with the rods but these help you groom
the little individually sleeved wire
awesome thank you very much football
soon realize you didn't charge me for
this he just made it because he's
awesome like that got my little SSB
platform that's all lid on the edges of
stuff I'm out bad at the end so still a
few things to do but nothing nothing
overwhelming nothing bizarre some stuff
I can plot away pick away at over the
next couple days hopefully have this
thing done before the weekend we also
wanted